>> Erik Reinert: So we have our
application deployed in App Runner.
Great, awesome.
However, App Runner needs
a container image, right?
And so this is where we're gonna
start jumping into Docker.
We're gonna create a very
simple container image, and
then App Runner will actually use
Amazon storage to run that image.
So we'll actually create the image,
put it in Amazon's storage, and
then App Runner will use that as
a reference to pull the image and run it.
So now we've got two pieces, right?
So we've got App Runner and
we know that we need a container image.
What about database?
Okay, so here's the fun part.
I've said multiple things about Amazon,
I actually really do like them.
As a cloud provider,
they're one of my favorites.
But RDS sucks, it really does.
RDS is like its own beast,
and don't worry,
we're still gonna be
working with RDS today.
But I think I get this,
not a thing, I get this a lot.
Where people will be like, well,
should I set up my own RDS instance?
Should I create my own database instance?
There's so much management that comes
into managing your own database.
How many here knows what a DBA is?
Okay, so, yeah, a few of you.
A DBA is basically a database
administrator that companies hire because
nobody else knows what postgres is or
how to use it.
That's the easiest way to put it.
It's like we have this massive database
with millions and millions of rows.
We're gonna hire somebody
dedicated to that.
When you're at a company, that's
normally what you end up doing, right?
If you're in a scenario where
you aren't gonna do that or
don't have the ability to do that,
then I would make databases as less of
a problem for you as humanly possible.
That's my personal opinion on it.
I don't like having to think about
my data retention or my backups or
uptime, all that stuff.
So in this scenario, in this start-up
phase, we outsource it, right?
There's a lot of really good options
outside of RDS that exist out there.
And there's actually options that we're
gonna be using today that use RDS that
made a company model on top of it,
that then give you basically RDS,
but with a few clicks of a button,
and that's Supabase.
I really do think that these
kinds of services that just say,
here's a public endpoint with your,
I know, it's scary, I get it, I get it.
But just having a public endpoint to
start off with easily, not having to
deal with the networking part of it, makes
it easier to go to production directly.
And so that's another decision as to why
we chose this infrastructure the way
that we did is because then I don't
have to worry about security groups or
firewalls or any of these other stuff.
It's just there's a connection string.
They manage it,
they manage the connections.
They'll take care of all that stuff.
Fantastic.
Put it on them.
So that's why we chose
Supabase in this first setup.
Does that mean we're
gonna stay on Supabase?
No, because more than likely, Supabase
will end up costing us a lot of money.
That's how they end up making their money,
right?
But in the early stages, especially, dude,
especially if you're making no money,
don't pay for a database online.
You are now in the red, my friend.
Lean on free services as much as you can.
Amazon's got a free tier,
Azure's got a free tier.
Pretty much all of these
places have free tiers now.
And if you can lean on that and
use it, yeah, feel free to.
And so that's why we chose Supabase
in this model was just to say,
I don't have database knowledge,
I don't know how to manage those things.
So I'm gonna let another provider
take care of that for me.
I'm gonna throw money at the problem,
but I know it'll work reliably and
I'll be real.
This could save you tons
of maintenance hours.
Think about it.
Migrations running, failures, like all
that kind of stuff, all the databases
down, you don't have to worry about
any of that with this approach.
Yeah.
>> Male Student 1: So you're hoping
to save some cost by not having
a database administrator.
And especially when your scale is small,
these costs can be small, right?
>> Erik Reinert: Absolutely,
yeah, absolutely.
Where I am today, where I work,
we're currently making
the evaluation of moving our CICD.
And one of the first arguments I made was,
well,
when do you ever worry about our CICD?
Because we don't.
It's so abstracted.
Thankfully, we don't
have to worry about that.
Those are the kind of solutions
you wanna find, right?
I know it's fun to play
with the technology, but
part of it is to make it so
it works [LAUGH].
So, yeah, that's exactly it.
You don't wanna have to worry
about hiring somebody to do it or
the knowledge around it, so
you can just pay them to do it, right?
The last thing, and this is just
kind of an additional thing and
this is something that I chose which is,
I need a place to store credentials and
secrets for the service, right?
Now I would assume you want some sort of
security, [LAUGH] you know what I mean?
You can, if you want, say,
I'm not even gonna use this.
I'm just gonna put secrets directly
in my environment variables and
the security's up to you, man.
However, personally,
I would like some kind of secure place
to put my configurations and
secrets and stuff like that.
And so
we're using Parameter Store for this.
It's a really nice tool.
The reason why we're using it, if you're
like, why aren't you using Vault or
blah blah, blah.
Well, for starters,
I don't wanna deploy anything, right?
That's the first thing,
I don't want to have to manage that.
Then the second thing is I want a UI,
I don't wanna manage credentials in
some kind of code base or
anything like that right now.
It's just easier for me to go to UI,
make a couple changes, click a button.
Out the door it goes, right?
So now we're kind of building
the developer experience around it.
And that's why the second part
is the developer side of it.
So what you'll note is that everything
is basically manual, right?
The user has to go to
App Runner to view your page.
But then if you want to change anything
that the user sees or interacts,
interacts with, you have to do
it manually yourself, right?
This is the other side of
that start-up phase, right?
You normally don't have
a whole bunch of automate.
How many of you guys have
created a project and
then just done everything
manually by the CLI?
Right, we've all done it.
And that's really where you'll be
in the start-up phase of a company.
You'll more than likely
be just running commands.
Because the amount of effort and
requirement it takes sometimes to get to
that automation is something
you have to pay for, right?
So yeah,
that's what we're gonna be building.
Again, I know it was a little bit
of a long winded discussion, but
I feel like now at least you
understand why we chose the way or
the infrastructure that we did, right?
And again, each part of these or each
one of these components were picked for
a very specific reason to solve the
problem that we're trying to solve, right?
>> Male Speaker 2: What do you think of
AWS Secret Manager to solve the credential
management?
>> Erik Reinert: Yeah, so
I have used Secrets Manager.
I use it at my job and
I use Parameter Store mostly personally.
Secrets Manager, you can kind of look at
it as a book with a ton of pages in it.
And those pages can be super long and
super big or
they can just be one or two entries.
You just grab that document and
then you get all your secrets.
Awesome.
That makes it really nice if you have
tons of secrets to pull it in one
request, right?
Systems SSM or Parameter Store is really
meant to be value by value, right?
So it's like a real key store storage.
So what you would do in Parameter Store
that you probably wouldn't do in
Secrets Manager is only have one value for
database password, right?
You have a new parameter for user
password versus database password, right?
Technically, that's the real
difference between the two.
However, it's mostly preference.
They both store and encrypt the same way.
They both work effectively the same way.
I tend to lean towards
more service discovery,
which is where key value is
more helpful than pulling
down huge Secrets Manager objects and
things like that.
So it's really just a preference.
But Parameter Store is meant to be
more like, I just want this one value,
right, I don't want the whole thing.